chore(docs): update Authorization and OpenFGA document (#634)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/authorization-and-openfga.mdx

<DocumentationNotice />

OpenFGA reies on several understandings of [authorization](#authentication-vs-authorization), including [fine-grained authorization](#what-is-fine-grained-authorization-fga), [role-based access control](#what-are-role-based-access-control-rbac-and-attribute-based-access-control-abac), [attribute-based access control](#what-are-role-based-access-control-rbac-and-attribute-based-access-control-abac), and [relationship-based access control](#what-is-relationship-based-access-control-rebac).

## What Is OpenFGA?

> **OpenFGA** is an open source solution to [Fine-Grained Authorization](#what-is-fine-grained-authorization-fga), or **FGA**, that applies the concept of [relationship-based access control](#what-is-relationship-based-access-control-rebac), or **ReBAC**. It was created by the [Okta FGA](https://docs.fga.dev/) team and inspired by [Zanzibar](#what-is-zanzibar). Designed for reliability and low latency at a high scale, FGA offers an HTTP API and SDKs for programming languages like [Node.js/JavaScript](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@openfga/sdk), [GoLang](https://github.com/openfga/go-sdk), [.NET](https://www.nuget.org/packages/OpenFga.Sdk), [Python](https://pypi.org/project/openfga-sdk), and [Java](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/dev.openfga/openfga-sdk), with additional SDKs and integrations (including Rego) planned for future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**OpenFGA** is an open source solution to [Fine-Grained Authorization](#what-is-fine-grained-authorization-fga), or **FGA**, that applies the concept of [relationship-based access control](#what-is-relationship-based-access-control-rebac), or **ReBAC**. It was created by the [Okta FGA](https://docs.fga.dev/) team and inspired by [Zanzibar](#what-is-zanzibar). Designed for reliability and low latency at a high scale, OpenFGA offers an HTTP and GRPC APIs and SDKs for programming languages like [Node.js/JavaScript](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@openfga/sdk), [GoLang](https://github.com/openfga/go-sdk), [.NET](https://www.nuget.org/packages/OpenFga.Sdk), [Python](https://pypi.org/project/openfga-sdk), and [Java](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/dev.openfga/openfga-sdk), with additional SDKs and integrations [planned](https://github.com/orgs/openfga/projects/1) for future releases.
```

Author: >OpenFGA offers an HTTP and GRPC APIs and SDKs

this portion doesn't work exactly properly. How about:

"OpenFGA offers both HTTP and GRPC APIs, as well as SDKs"

Reviewer: Yep!

<Playground intro={true} />

## Authentication vs Authorization

[**Authentication**](https://auth0.com/intro-to-iam/what-is-authentication/) (or **AuthN**) ensures a user's identity. [**Authorization**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Authorization) (or **AuthZ**) determines if a user can perform a certain action on a particular resource.

> For example, when you log in to Okta, Authorization verifies that your username and password are correct. Authorization checks if you can access a given Okta tile. [For more information about AuthN vs AuthZ, click here.](https://www.okta.com/identity-101/authentication-vs-authorization/).

Reviewer: Don't reference Okta for the example please - OpenFGA is a separate entity, we may reference the Okta link for more information about a certain subject, but use a more common neutral brand for the example.

Author: Twitter no longer exists and X doesn't really have a strong brand yet. Ideas for a globally-recognizable brand to use? Maybe Facebook?

Reviewer: How about Google?

Logging in to Google and checking if you have access to view a Google Drive document?

Reviewer: Also minor note - authentication is the process of verification, it does not verify in itself.

An authentication service is the one that verifies, but the authentication describes the process. Same for authorization
